Added a note about the /v2/module endpoint for RS (#1360)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/modules/add-module-to-cluster.md

You can add a module to your cluster using:

- The REST API - For all modules, but modules with dependencies must use the `/v2/modules` endpoint.

```sh

> **Note:** The /v2/modules endpoint only exists for RS v6.0.12 and above. If you are on an older RS version, you must perform a manual installation of the module and it's dependencies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The /v2/modules endpoint only exists for Redis Enterprise Software v6.0.12 and above. If you are on an older version, you must perform a manual installation of the module and its dependencies 
```

Author: Thanks @kaitlynmichael ! Still waiting on a response from @MeirShpilraien before merging
